# Main Specification
Work in progress, by Ivan Silva and Carlos Zgierski.


## Objective
At first, it is important to point out what this project does not intend to be.

- This is not a commercial product;
- This project is for studying development technologies and for personal use only. It will not be hosted in any domain;
- We have no commitment to finishing this at any specific date;

What we want:
- We want a way to check for the prices of PS games we like without having to browse the whole PS library. This is no longer possible since the PS removed its wishlist feature from the website;
- We want to study/learn about development technologies and discuss our learnings focused on a real, yet simple project;
- We want to start simple and evolve the complexity of the project as we go;


## Steps
The following items describe the steps we should follow towards each new objective. This list may be increased/updated overtime. Each item in this list will have a new file with detailed descriptions about its development.

- [DONE] **Creating Django Structure**: the objective in this part is to create the basic structure for a Django using Django commands;
- [DONE] **Retrieving Data**: the objective in this part is studying and learning about technologies to retrieve the data we require and processing them into objects that we can use to show information;
- **Playsapp Main Page**: the objective of this part is to use the retrieved data and apply it to a template that can be viewed in a Browser and to be able to add or remove games/links through the UI;
- **Validating Data**: the objective of this part is to add a data validation when editing information. So far, invalid data would simply break the application;